client/docs/forms/login/shadow-root-inputs-login.mdx, before:

---
slug: shadow-root-inputs
title: shadow-root inputs login form
sidebar_label: shadow-root inputs
description: a login form utilizes inputs within "shadow roots" - it will POST the input values on submit
---

import "@material/web/button/filled-button.js";
import "@material/web/textfield/outlined-text-field.js";

<div className="container margin-vert--xl">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="card col col--12 padding--md">
      <form className="card__body" method="POST" action="/login">
        <div className="row margin-bottom--md">
          <md-outlined-text-field
            type="text"
            id="username"
            label="Username"
            name="username"
            placeholder="e.g. jsmith, jsmith@example.com"
            required
            autofocus
          />
        </div>
        <div className="row margin-bottom--md">
          <md-outlined-text-field
            type="password"
            id="password"
            label="Password"
            name="password"
            placeholder="your password"
            required
          />
        </div>
        <div className="row">
          <md-filled-button type="submit">Login</md-filled-button>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
<hr />

Commit message:

[PM-25058] Add new test patterns (#385)
* create test patterns for top-layer dialog and popover forms

* update top-layer popover pattern

* update top-layer dialog pattern

* add pattern for autocomplete off forms/inputs

* add pattern for closed shadow root inputs

* update pattern for open shadow root inputs

* revert mistaken input name change

client/docs/forms/login/shadow-root-inputs-login.mdx, after:

---
slug: shadow-root-inputs
title: open shadow-root inputs login form
sidebar_label: shadow-root inputs (open)
description: a login form which utilizes (Material Web) inputs within (open) shadow roots - it will POST the input values on submit
---

import "@material/web/button/filled-button.js";
import "@material/web/textfield/outlined-text-field.js";

<div className="container margin-vert--xl">
  <div className="row">
    <div className="card col col--12 padding--md">
      <form className="card__body" method="POST" action="/login">
        <div className="row margin-bottom--md">
          <md-outlined-text-field
            type="text"
            id="username"
            label="Username"
            name="username"
            placeholder="e.g. jsmith, jsmith@example.com"
            required
            autofocus
          />
        </div>
        <div className="row margin-bottom--md">
          <md-outlined-text-field
            type="password"
            id="password"
            label="Password"
            name="password"
            placeholder="your password"
            required
          />
        </div>
        <div className="row">
          <md-filled-button type="submit">Login</md-filled-button>
        </div>
      </form>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
<hr />
